dmz: overlay: minor fixups (#4509)
opencontainers/runc: contrib/cmd/memfd-bind/README.md

## memfd-bind ##

> **NOTE**: Since runc 1.2.0, runc will now use a private overlayfs mount to
> protect the runc binary. This protection is far more light-weight than
> memfd-bind, and for most users this should obviate the need for `memfd-bind`

> > entirely. Fully rootless containers will still make a memfd copy, but

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> entirely. Rootless containers will still make a memfd copy, unless they are executed in an existing user namespace, but
```

## memfd-bind ##

> **NOTE**: Since runc 1.2.0, runc will now use a private overlayfs mount to
> protect the runc binary. This protection is far more light-weight than
> memfd-bind, and for most users this should obviate the need for `memfd-bind`
> entirely. Rootless containers will still make a memfd copy (unless you are
> using `runc` itself inside a user namespace -- a-la
> [`rootlesskit`][rootlesskit]), but `memfd-bind` is not particularly useful
> for rootless container users anyway (see [Caveats](#Caveats) for more

> > details).

Reviewer 2: Can you document the Linux kernel requirements?

Reviewer 3: @rata are you referring to kernel requirements needed for overlayfs-based protection, or is it about memfd-bind?

Reviewer 2: Oh, sorry, I mean overlayfs. We are using the new mount API, now another "new" syscall too. It's important to document it, IMHO.
